traditional doctors or entities
are highly respected and
regularly consulted hear their
methods have been passed down
from generation to generation
they are reputed could be able
to transform mountain nerves
into remedies to treat
everything from arthritis pain
ingestion but to protect me at
high altitude it wasn't a plant
that the armed he prescribed
this is a caterpillar that lives
out here it's a special
caterpillar in that there is a
parasitic fungus that eats away
at the insect and then finally
winds up growing out of the head
of the caterpillar its trains
were so far has really helped me
out so
caterpillar fungus is believed
to improve the body's ability to
deliver oxygen to the vital
organs they face like a really
tricky cardboard considering
everything I've eaten on this
trip is not too bad and it could
be a lifesaver this claim will
expose me to an invisible killer
altitude sickness the Yahoo
built for this mountain air
their blood can hold three times
more oxygen than regular cattle
but I am way out of my comfort
zone